Kairo least out in the rhythm section
towards the finish line
well once we said before this area's
been catching out so many riders and
there's Desalle right in his town as
well
kai rolling here we go back end Oh catch
is a horrible kicker he had no idea and
that was coming and that's gonna hurt in
the morning as well
rang his Bell there I would think
because he hit the ground hard there did
Tony Cairo Lee
tyrona coming in repairing handlebars so
drama then for Tony Cairoli Kairo knee
comes in on lap for handlebars bent bike
steaming and this is drama because at
that stage Cairo knee was need the
championship by two points front wheel
Bertie hit a square edge hole in the
ground handlebars have been damaged in
all sorts gladiator colic
ten come on let's just keep you calm
here let's have a look Tony's just up
the clutch is that it Tony Cairoli out
Tony Cairoli is out at mxgp race one and
there is a look of disappointment on the
italians face right there watch this i
thought we're going to go for another
replay there from a different angle so
the drama there then Tony Cairoli has
crashed out spectacularly from race one
here in Vulcan SWAT at the mxgp of
Europe that is a damaged Red Bull KTM
drama with Tony CAI rolling at a lap ago
crashing out of second position
spectacularly bars of damage front end
is wrecked bike steaming he's pulled
into the work area and he cannot rejoin
the race Tony Cairoli
walks away disconsolate Li
you